PCM
NVM
非易失性存储器（NVM）由于其性能和成本效率的提高而越来越受到人们的青睐。由于NVM存储的性能和特性与hdd相比有很大的不同，因此如何更有效地利用ssd成为当前研究的热点。有一种说法是，NVM存储性能的进一步改进使得轮询存储设备以感知访问请求的完成而不是使用中断。基于轮询的存储可以扩展为基于NVM存储的主内存，因为不需要复杂的机制来启用中断，并且访问请求是逐个处理的。本文预测了NVM存储器将以主存的形式存在，并提出直接在其上构造文件系统，以克服其简单用作主存时的缺点。该体系结构的性能预测是访问这样一个文件系统上的文件可以减少处理块设备所带来的开销。
Non-volatile memory (NVM) storage is becoming more popular as its performance and cost efficiency improve. Since the performance and characteristics of NVM storage are significantly different from those of HDDs, there are ongoing researches to utilize SSDs more efficiently and effectively. There is a claim that the further improvement of NVM storage performance makes it better to poll a storage device to sense completion of access requests rather than to use interrupts. Polling based storage can expand to become main memory based on NVM storage since there is no complex mechanism required to enable interrupts and access requests are processed one by one. This paper predicts that NVM storage will be in a form of main memory, and proposes constructing a file system directly on it in order to overcome its drawbacks when used simply as main memory. The performance projection of the proposed architecture is that accessing files on such a file system can reduce the overhead introduced by handling block devices.
非易失性存储器（NVM）由于其性能和成本效率的提高而越来越受到人们的青睐。Flash是目前最流行的NVM，它的存储被称为ssd（固态驱动器）。虽然最广泛使用的固态硬盘形式提供了与硬盘驱动器（硬盘驱动器）兼容的接口，但其他形式提供了更高性能的接口，如PCI Express和NVM Express，以提高它们的性能。由于固态硬盘的性能和特性与硬盘有很大的不同，因此如何更有效地利用固态硬盘一直是人们研究的热点。
Non-volatile memory (NVM) storage is becoming more popular as its performance and cost efficiency improve. Flash memory1 is currently the most popular NVM, and its storage is called SSDs (Solid State Drives). While the most widely used form of SSDs provides the interface compatible with HDDs (Hard Disk Drives), the other forms provide  igher performance interfaces, such as PCI Express and  VM Express, in order to accelerate their performance. Since the performance and characteristics of SSDs are significantly different from those of HDDs, there are ongoing researches to utilize SSDs more efficiently and effectively.

update test

